feat: alow to use configuration file from current working directory (#1843)
vuejs/vitepress: docs/guide/configuration.md

}
```

> You may also create your configuration file in current working directory with name `vuepress.config.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also create your configuration file in the current working directory with the name `vitepress.config.js`:
```
